The only way to do great work is to love what you do. — Steve Jobs
It always seems impossible until it's done. — Nelson Mandela
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it. — Henry David Thoreau
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. — C.S. Lewis
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. — Zig Ziglar
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. — Walt Disney
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world. — Roy T. Bennett
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. — Confucius
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today. — Franklin D. Roosevelt
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. — William James
Success is not in what you have, but who you are. — Bo Bennett
Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm. — Winston Churchill
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out. — Robert Collier
The best way to predict the future is to invent it. — Alan Kay
Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart. — Roy T. Bennett
Don't limit your challenges, challenge your limits. — Jerry Dunn
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. — Steve Jobs
Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. — Sam Levenson
It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up. — Vince Lombardi
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. — Vidal Sassoon
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. — Lao Tzu
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. — Albert Schweitzer
Hard work beats talent when talent doesn’t work hard. — Tim Notke
Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. — John D. Rockefeller
If you want to achieve greatness, stop asking for permission. — Anonymous
If you can dream it, you can do it. — Walt Disney
It always seems impossible until it’s done. — Nelson Mandela
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
The road to success is always under construction. — Lily Tomlin
Your limitation—it’s only your imagination. — Anonymous
Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you. — Anonymous
Great things never come from comfort zones. — Anonymous
Dream it. Wish it. Do it. — Anonymous
Success doesn’t just find you. You have to go out and get it. — Anonymous
The harder you work for something, the greater you’ll feel when you achieve it. — Anonymous
Dream it, believe it, build it. — Anonymous
It’s going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible. — Anonymous
Don’t stop when you’re tired. Stop when you’re done. — Anonymous
Wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction. — Anonymous
Little things make big days. — Anonymous
It’s never too late to be what you might have been. — George Eliot
Success isn’t just about what you accomplish in your life, it’s about what you inspire others to do. — Anonymous
Believe you can and you’re halfway there. — Theodore Roosevelt
The harder you work, the luckier you get. — Gary Player
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. — William James
Opportunities don’t happen, you create them. — Chris Grosser
Don’t count the days. Make the days count. — Muhammad Ali
Everything you can imagine is real. — Pablo Picasso
You are never too old to set another goal or dream a new dream. — C.S. Lewis
Be not afraid of life. Believe that life is worth living, and your belief will help create the fact. — William James
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things. — Albert Einstein
A goal without a plan is just a wish. — Antoine de Saint-Exupery
The best revenge is massive success. — Frank Sinatra
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom. — George S. Patton
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. — Winston Churchill
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take. — Wayne Gretzky
Do what you can with all you have, wherever you are. — Theodore Roosevelt
Difficulties in life are intended to make us better, not bitter. — Anonymous
You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great. — Zig Ziglar
Success is not for the chosen few, but for those who choose it. — Anonymous
Courage doesn’t always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, ‘I will try again tomorrow.’ — Mary Anne Radmacher
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. — Lao Tzu
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. — Eleanor Roosevelt
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can. — Arthur Ashe
You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great. — Zig Ziglar
Whatever you are, be a good one. — Abraham Lincoln
The best way out is always through. — Robert Frost
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. — Zig Ziglar
Success is not in what you have, but who you are. — Bo Bennett
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. — Steve Jobs
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world. — Roy T. Bennett
Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle. — Christian D. Larson
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. — Albert Schweitzer
If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary. — Jim Rohn